Coming out.
Typically we think of this
as being an experience
specific to the queer community.
But we all have things that
we're keeping in our closets.
It could be something
about our home and family life,
about our mental or physical health.
Maybe you're not allergic
to cats, you just don't like them.
I feel you on that one.
Whatever it is that you're
keeping in your closet,
it shapes the way
you navigate the world.
That can include your work life.
So how do we go about
disclosing these important,
but sometimes difficult to talk about
aspects of who we are?
And when someone comes out to us,
what can we best do to
listen and support them?